Added red thread between introduction and prelim. (#83)
chhoumann/p7: report/sections/Chapter 01 - Introduction/Intro.tex

AAU could benefit from an application that has been designed specifically for the case of teaching at AAU.
To address the shortcomings of the current system used during exercises, an application designed to facilitate fast concrete feedback on exercises, for the students and the lecturer, could be created.
By summarizing the main problems following the switch to the new teaching approach, an initial problem statement is written.
\begin{displayquote}
    How can an application ensure swift evaluation of students' exercise solutions?
\end{displayquote} 

\section{Solution}

> To alleviate the problem defined in the problem statement, a platform supporting evaluation of Haskell code is developed. It is necessary for this platform to evaluate whether a student's Haskell program solves a given problem defined in an exercise. The platform supports the definition of these execercises as well as software tests defining solution criteria for a particular exercise. These software test are executed using a Haskell interpreter, and results of the tests presented to the user of the platform on a webbased UI.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To alleviate the problem defined in the problem statement, a platform supporting evaluation of Haskell code is developed. It is necessary for this platform to evaluate whether a student's Haskell program solves a given problem defined in an exercise. The platform supports the definition of these execercises as well as software tests defining solution criteria for a particular exercise. These software tests are executed using a Haskell interpreter, and results of the tests presented to the user of the platform on a webbased user interface.  
```
